I like a lot of the pop movies like Titanic, Braveheart, Forrest Gump
like a lot of the blockbusters but I have to say that my favorite movie
of all time is actually not even a movie, it's an anime from Japan.
I'm in Japan so I you see lots of anime and many of them are good
but one blows everything out the water. Berserk is a movie about the
medieval times, and there's this character Guts who is really strong
and you know he wants to fight his own personal battles by himself
but not really think about anything, no purpose but he meets this
person Griffin who's very charismatic and he has this huge goal to like
own his own kingdom and Guts sees this so he follows him and you
know there's lots of romance, lots of blood and guts, lots of intellectual
conversation, and believe it or not I actually thought a lot
about my own life very much throughout this movie, so hats off to
those guys who made that really bright anime.